{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20780\viewh12720\viewkind1\viewscale103
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3980\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tqr\tx8271\tx8442\tqr\tx9020\pardeftab720\li603\fi-604\ri656\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.	UIButton\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 2.	UITextfields\
3.	UITableView\
4.	UICollectionVIew\
5.	Action Sheet\
6.	Image Picker\
7.	RestAPI with JSON\
8.	RestAPI with XML\
9.	GoogleMaps (current location, multiple annotation, draw route map, drop and drop annotation, annotation radius)\
10.	SQLiteDB\
11.	CoreData\
12.	WebView\
13.	Event Bus\
14.	Delegate & Protocols\
15.	Push Notification using UserNotification and FCM\
16.	Dynamic Layouts\
17.	MapOverlay\
18.	Audio/Video Recording\
19.	Load Video/Audio with URL/File\
20.	Gestures\
21.	Social media integration\
22.	Dispatch Queue\
23.	Callbacks\
24.	Messaging\
25.	Mail Integration\
26.	Chat\
27.	Use classes to store data\
28.	UIAlertView\
29.	Common functions, macro declaration & symbolic constants\
30.	Drag and drop image gallery to ui (IPAD)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li7633\fi-7634\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 31.	Dynamic framework\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 32.	Cloud Sync\
33.	Contact Book\
34.	App Store * bundle id(one id for all app)\
35.	MQTT \
36.	Protobuf\
37.	Meta Data\
38.	Services and Background Process\
39.	PDF or File Reader\
40.	News Feed API and other 3\super rd\nosupersub  Party API like weather\
41.	TabViewController\
42.	Core Animations\
43.	Bluetooth connection\
44.	Socket Connection\
45.	Test Flight \
46.	App Store\
47.	Instrumentation \
48.	Universal App\
49.	Design Pattern (Creational, Structural, Behavioural)\
50.	TV app setup & Hello world sample app\
51.	WatchOS app setup & Hello world sample app\
52.	Constaint & Size Classes\
53.	Unit Test Case (XCTestCase)\
54.	CoreML\
55.	Augumented Reality\
}